Removing versions less than 1.0 (#7086)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: contributing/single-sourcing-content.md

### Example for versioning entire pages

> On the [Docs Defer page](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/node-selection/defer), tabs are used to show different versions of a piece of code. **v1.5 and later** shows `--select`, while **v-.1.x and earlier** changes this to `--models`.

Reviewer: This is an accurate demo of code blocks, but it no longer reflects a real behaviour change between two versions

Author: Good catch @joellabes. I'll search for a correct example but if you have any in mind that would be fitting to call out, let me know

Reviewer: How about this? https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.5#:~:text=The%20following%20env%20vars%20have%20been%20renamed%2C%20for%20consistency%20with%20the%20convention%20followed%20by%20all%20other%20parameters%3A

> On the [Docs Defer page](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/node-selection/defer), tabs are used to show different versions of a piece of code. **v1.5 and later** shows `--select`, while **v-.1.x and earlier** changes this to `--models`.

Author: ```suggestion
On the [Docs Defer page](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/node-selection/defer), tabs are used to show different versions of a piece of code. **v1.5 and later** shows `DBT_DEFER`, while **v-.1.4 and earlier** changes this to `DBT_DEFER_TO_STATE`.
```
